= New Notes

== Models

=== Users, Clubs & Pros

  User [name, email, password, pro(b), admin(b)]
  Club [name, owner_id, bio, address, phone, email, contact]
  
A Club belongs to user (owner).  A User can be a Pro.  A Club has many pros.

  @club.owner
  @club.pros

A Pro (User) has one club.

  @pro.club

You should be able to add pros to clubs

  @club.pro!(@pro)

You should be able to remove Pros (Users) from Clubs

  @club.unpro!(@pro)

=== Following Users, Pros and Clubs

Relationships will need to be polymorphic, since Clubs are not users.  Otherwise, similar to sample_app. Consider using helpers for resource DRY.

  @club.follow!(@user)
  @user.follow!(@club)

  @club.unfollow!(@user)
  @user.unfollow!(@club)

  @club.following?(@user)
  @user.following?(@club)

== Meeting Notes

=== Core features

  Players can sign up
  Pros can sign up
  Clubs can sign up
  They can all follow each other
  They all have their own pages and status posts
  Players can log matches
  Players can show match record
  Players can take match notes
  Players can request lessons from Pros
  Pros can belong to clubs
  Pros can share notes on lessons with Students
  Events are HUGE









= OLD NOTES

PLAYERS
- Find other players, clubs, pros and tournaments
- Follow other players, pros or clubs
- Find available lessons (by club, pro or area)
- Look up your ranking / standings at USTA site



*** NOTE: NO ONE PLAYS IN UNSANCTIONED TOURNAMENTS

CLUBS
- Set profile details (bio, contact info, programs)
- Relate to pros
- Set up tournaments (list) (can we iFrame or API to USTA)
- Sign up for programs? Could just send an email to pro shop.
- Mixer invites

        - USTA PROCESS
        - Apply for tournaments
                - Enter all information for tournaments
                        - Divisions
                        - How many courts
                        - Determining if its ok to saction it
                - Wait for USTA approval
        - Club seeds through USTA
                USTA Backoffice -> Autoseed
                Some room for alteration based on pros discretion



*** MEMBERSHIP DRIVEN DESIGN ***

*** MANAGING LESSONS / COURT SCHEDULES IS THE BIG ONE ***

- RE: Court time
        - If court time is abandoned, pro has opportunity to fill it naturally, else
        - pro notifies club, club fills time.



